Add a reentrancy protection to EIP 1283 (#1701)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-1283.md

Replace SSTORE opcode gas cost calculation (including refunds) with
the following logic:

> * If *gasleft* is less then or equal 2300, fail the transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If *gasleft* is less then or equal 2300, fail the current call frame
```

I don't think failing the whole transaction is correct behavior. We could be inside a sub-call frame, while the parent is still having a lot of gas.

Reviewer: Note that we should make this condition equivalent to:

```
If *gasleft* is less then or equal 2300, 2301 gas is deducted.
```

> * If *gasleft* is less then or equal 2300, fail the current call frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If *gasleft* is less than or equal 2300, fail the current call frame
```

And a typo!

      gas to refund counter.
  * If *original value* does not equal *current value* (this storage
    slot is dirty), 200 gas is deducted. Apply both of the following

>     clauses. If *gasleft* is less then or equal 2300, fail the transaction

Reviewer: I would recommend to apply the gasleft check in the beginning, before any of the branches here are applied.
